Use linelist data source in transmissibility report (#137)
epiverse-trace/episoap: inst/rmarkdown/templates/transmissibility/skeleton/skeleton.Rmd

    value: "gamma"
    choices: ["beta", "binom", "cauchy", "chisq", "exp", "f", "gamma", "geom", "hyper", "lnorm", "logis", "nbinom", "norm", "pois", "smirnov", "t", "tukey", "unif", "weibull", "wilcox"]
  data_file: 

>     label: "Name of file containing the line list data"

Reviewer: Here if we are implementing https://github.com/epiverse-trace/episoap/pull/137/commits/bc880aadeaeee86382ea059d65f32ea59e9a6133 , then this shouldn't be replaced but included? 
```suggestion
    label: "Name of file containing case data, whether a linelist or incidence data"
```

>     label: "Name of file containing case data, whether a linelist or incidence data"

Reviewer 2: I think line list should be two words.

Author: Fixed in [`e6f1bb3` (#137)](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/episoap/pull/137/commits/e6f1bb3e157498546fd806943f24691a1338bd14)

##  Importing the data

To illustrate the different analyses, we use real data reporting line list 
(individual level) data of Covid-19 cases in England in the second half of 2020.
The data was downloaded from <global.health>:

> > Xu, B., Gutierrez, B., Mekaru, S. et al. Epidemiological data from the COVID-19 outbreak, real-time case information. Sci Data 7, 106 (2020). https://doi.org/10.1038/s41597-020-0448-0 

Reviewer: I feel like this is conflicting with the changes that I'm making in the Tx_pipeline_update anyway, but it's okay to leave as an example

Author: Good call. Feel free to remove it later down the line if it no longer matches with the content of the rest of the report.

```{r}
date_var <- "date"
group_var <- "region"

> # Leave count_var as NULL if the data is really a linelist / patient-level data.

Reviewer: This will have to be included in the documentation for users as well

Author: Aren't the comments in the report the documentation for users?

Reviewer: I mean in vignettes as well that explain in more detail how to interact with the templates

Author: Got it! As far I know though, we don't really have this kind of info in the vignette at the moment. Do you think it can wait for a later PR on this specifically? Or do you believe it has to be part of this PR?

Author: Yes, sounds great to me. Let's merge this PR then.

This graph shows the total number of cases per group:

```{r }
total_cases <- dat_i %>%
  select(any_of(c(group_var, "count"))) %>%
  group_by(.data[[group_var]]) %>%
  summarise(cases = sum(count)) %>%
  mutate(group_var := fct_reorder(
    .f = .data[[group_var]],
    .x = cases
  ))

> ggplot(total_cases, aes(x = cases, y = group_var)) +

Reviewer: so it's location instead of group_var because this is the linelist tag? If we have linelist tags, couldn't we use them directly instead of creating the objects date_var and group_var? or is this needed for data that are already aggregated?

Author: This is needed because the grouping variable may not always be `location`. It could be `gender` for example.

days_to_keep <- params$incomplete_days + params$r_estim_window
i_recent <- dat_raw %>%
  incidence("date",

>     counts = count_var,

Reviewer: So by this point, would this code work also with data that are pre-aggregated?

Author: No, I forgot to change this. Thanks!

Author: Fixed in [`9245e35` (#137)](https://github.com/epiverse-trace/episoap/pull/137/commits/9245e350048b29898b4b4c944dbf32b4ee012518)
